There is more than encryption (#72)
intarchboard/draft-iab-privacy-partitioning: draft-iab-privacy-partitioning.md

more complex partitioning, but the techniques to partition communication contexts still employ the
same techniques:

1. Cryptographic protection, such as the use of encryption to specific parties, allows
   partitioning of contexts between different parties (those with the ability to remove
   cryptographic protections, and those without).

> 1. Connection separation across time or space allows partitioning of contexts for different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connection separation across time or space to allow partitioning of contexts for different
```

   application transactions over the network.

These techniques are frequently used in conjunction for context separation. For example,
encrypting an HTTP exchange using TLS between client and TLS-terminating server might prevent
a network middlebox that sees a client IP address from seeing the user account identifier,
but it doesn't prevent the TLS-terminating server from observing both identifiers and correlating
them. As such, preventing correlation requires separating contexts, such as by using proxying to
conceal a client's IP address that would otherwise be used as an identifier.

## Approaches to Partitioning

While all of the partitioning protocols described in this document create

> separate contexts using cryptographic protection or connection separation, each one has a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
separate contexts using cryptographic protection and/or connection separation, each one has a
```
